you
this lecture is about a web search in
this lecture we're going to talk about
one of the most important applications
of text retrieval web search engines so
let's first look at the some general
challenges and opportunities in web
search now many information retrieval
algorithms had been developed before the
web was born so when the web was born it
created the best opportunity to apply
those algorithms to major application
problem that everyone would care about
so naturally there had to be some
further extensions of the classical
search algorithms to address some new
challenges encountered in web search so
here are some general challenges first
this is a scalp in Ada County how to
handle the size of the web and ensure
completeness of coverage of all the
information how to serve many users
quickly and by entering or their queries
so that's one major challenge and before
the web was born the scale of search was
relatively small the second problem is
that there's low quality information and
there are often spans the third economy
is dynamics of the web the new pages are
constantly created and some pages may be
updated very quickly so it makes it
harder to keep the index fresh so these
are some of the challenges that we have
to solve in order to build a high
quality web search engine on the other
hand there are also some interesting
opportunities that we can leverage to
improve search results there are many
additional heuristics for example you're
using links that we can leverage to
improve scoring now the algorithm that
we talked about such as the vector space
model our general algorithms and they
can be applied to any search
applications so that's the advantage on
the other hand they also don't take
advantage of special characteristics of
pages or documenting the specific
application such as
search web pages are linked with each
other so obviously the link information
is something that we can also leverage
so because of these challenges and
opportunities and there are new
techniques that have been developed that
for web search or due to the need of a
web search one is parallel indexing and
searching and this is to address the
issue of scalability in particular
Google's imaging of Map Reduce is very
inferential and has been very helpful in
that aspect second and there are
techniques that are developed for
addressing the problem of spans so spam
detection we have to prevent those spam
pages from being ranked high and there
are also techniques to achieve robust
ranking and we're going to use a lot of
signals to rank our pages so that it's
not easy to spam the search engine with
the particular trick and the third line
of techniques is link analysis and these
are techniques that can allow us to to
improve search results by leveraging
extra information and in general in web
search we're going to use multiple
features for ranking not just link
analysis but also explore it in all kind
of clothes like the layout of web pages
or anchor text that describes a link
through another page so here's a picture
showing the basic of search engine
technologies basically this is the whack
on the left and then user on the right
side and we're going to help these this
user who get access to the web
information and the first component is a
crawler that would crawl pages and then
the second component there is indexes
that would take these pages of create
the inverted index the third component
there is a retriever that with the user
inverted index to enter users query by
talking to the users browser and then
the search results would be given to the
user and then the browser will show
those results and to it allow the user
to interact with the web so we're going
to talk about each of these components
first of all we couldn't talk about the
crawler also called a spider or a
software robot that would do something
like a crowning pages on the web to
build a toy crawler is relatively easy
because you just need to start with a
set of cedar pages and then fetch pages
from the web and pause these pages will
freak out the old links and then add
them to the priority queue and then just
explore those additional links right but
to build a real crawler actor is tricky
and there are some complicated issues
that you have to deal with say for
example robustness what if the server
doesn't respond what if there is a trap
that generates a dynamically generated
web pages that might attract your
crawler to keep crawling the same site
and to fetch dynamically generated pages
the resource was this issue of crawling
courtesy and you don't want to overload
the one particular server with many
crawling requests and you have to
respect the robot exclusion protocol you
also need to handle different types of
files there are images PDF files all
kinds of formats on the web and you have
to also consider URL extension so
sometimes those are CGI scripts and
there are internal references etc and
sometimes you have JavaScript on the
page that they also create challenges
and you ideally should also recognize be
done in the pages because you don't have
to duplicated those pages and finally
you may be interesting to discover
hidden URLs
those are URLs that may not be linked to
any page but if you truncate a URL to a
shorter path you might be able to get
some additional pages so one of the
major crawling strategies in general
practice first is the most common
because naturally balance balances the
server load you would not keep probing a
particular server with many requests
also parallel programming is very
natural because this task is very easy
paradise and there are some variations
of the crawling task and one interesting
variation is called folks crawling in
this case we're going to crawl just some
pages about the particular topic for
example all pages about the automobiles
and and this is typically going to start
with a query and then you can use the
query to get some results from a major
search engine and then you can start
with those results and gradually claw
so one channeling in cloning is to find
the new pages that people have created
and people probably are creating new
pages all the time and this is very
telling if the new pages have not been
actually linked to any old page if they
are then you can probably find them by
recruiting the old page so these are
also some interesting challenges that
have to be solved and finally we might
face the scenario of incremental
crawling or repeated crawling right your
first let's say if you want to build a
web search engine and you were the first
to crawl a lot of data from the web and
then but then once you have collected
all the data and in the future we just
need to cross the the updated pages you
you know in general you don't have to
recrawl everything right or it's not
necessary so in this case you your goal
is to minimize the resource overhead by
using minimum resources to just still
crawl to update the pages so this is
actually very interesting research
question here and this is the open
research question that there aren't many
standard algorithms established yet for
doing this task but in general you can
imagine you can learn from the past
experience right so the two major
factors that you have to consider our
first
we're this page be updated frequently
and do I have to crawl this page again
if the page is a static page that hasn't
been changeable for Mance's you probably
don't have to recrawl it every day right
because it's unlikely that it will be
changing frequently on the other hand if
it's a sports page that gets updated
very frequently and you may need to
recrawl it then maybe even multiple
times on the same day and the other
factor to consider is is this page if
frickin that are accessed by users if it
is then it means it's a high or T need a
page and then that's it's more important
to ensure such a page to be fresh
compared with another page that has
never been fetched by any users for a
year then even though that page has been
candida a lot then it's probably not
necessary to crawl that page or at least
it's also add not as urgent as to
maintain the freshness of frequently
asked access to the page by users so to
summarize web search is one of the most
important applications of text which
evolve and there are some new challenges
particularly scalability efficiency
quality information there are also new
opportunities particularly rich linked
information and layout etc a crawler is
an essential component of web search
applications and in general we can
classify two scenarios one is initial
crawling and here we want to have
completed crawling of the web if you are
doing a general search engine or focus
crawling if you want to just target a
certain type of pages and then there is
another scenario that's incremental
updating of the crawler data or
incremental crawling in this case you
need to optimize the resource try to use
minimum resource to get the needed fresh
information